fix: improve error log; fix empty attribute value issue (#146)
yseop/vscode-yseopml: CHANGELOG.md

## X.X.X (YYYY-MM-DD)

> -   Fix an issue that occurs when writing attributes named `domains`, `domainsLevel2` and `documentation`.

Reviewer: What was happening exactly (not for the RNs, but for the review xD)? And what does “writting attributes” mean, here? “Setting”? But weren’t people setting `documentation` fairly often already? I’m lost. :frowning_woman:

Author: Because the extension parses the file even when we are writing code − which makes the extension parse incomplete code − some useless errors were caught and VSCode was yelling that our extension warn about an error.

Reviewer: AH.

Reviewer: So I can just open existing stuff and mess around with the docs, haha.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Fix a parsing issue that occurs when editing the value of attributes named `domains`, `domainsLevel2` and `documentation`.
```

Author: Yes.
You can try with something like:
```
Object MY_OBJ
--> documentation // "Uncomment me!"
;
```
